hey everyone and welcome back to brought
to you by mom thanks so much for staying
tuned crystal here and I'm so excited
today I've been wanting to talk about
this for a really long time well not a
really long time I've only had it for a
couple weeks but feels like it's been
forever I was able to snag this kit from
Young Living I wasn't able to make
convention this year but I was able to
snag this kit and I cannot talk any
higher of this just a product that has
been recently released for young living
and it is just it's just great it's
awesome so it is called kid cents and it
is of course as you can tell
specifically essential oils made for
kids now if you are new to essential
oils or considering essential oils I
definitely recommend taking a look into
it and especially you know taking a look
at Young Living I love this company and
I love essential oils because we have
seen a huge change in just our help our
lifestyle my my attitudes been better
like I haven't had as much anger
problems or things like that where I
just feel like oh you know the world
gets to you essential oils have really
helped me with that and I think they are
awesome so with kids sense it is great
it comes with the six different
essential oil blends it's also pre-mixed
with a carrier oil and I believe the
carrier oil is coconut oil don't quote
me on that I'll have to look it up but I
definitely wanted to put that out there
just in case there's anybody with
coconut allergies you might want to look
into it or ask your young living
consultant or your upline or whatever
you have going on with that
but with these kids is it like I said
they come with six different of the
essential oils and they're just these
bottles right here and they are the five
milliliter bottles and they also come
with two of the rollers which are just
the tops that you can pop out the top
there and it has the roller to it which
is great those are awesome and I
definitely recommend using the rollers
for kids but it's just easier to get
them on them as we know they can be
super squirmy all the time so a little
drops makes a big difference is of
course the sandwich is so true and this
different blends of bananas they have
the genius blend which is gonna help out
with mind and focus which is great for
our kids especially if you do like
homeschooling like we're about to jump
into I think that's awesome for that
there's Ally which is great for scrapes
bruises bumps bite buster which is
awesome obviously for those bites
especially during the summer with all
the mosquitos out the tummy knees which
is gonna be helping with nausea or
stomach aches or like with our daughter
it's really been helping her with her
gastro Knology issues and then there's a
simple ease which of course goodness
knows our kids always have runny noses
and colds and stuff so it helps with
that
and then there is sleepy ease which
helps with just kind of coaxing them off
to sleep at night especially when
they're having those night terrors are
just problems and that's been great too
because her daughter tends to just I
don't want to say she takes forever to
get to bed but she gets really restless
so we've been using the sleepy ease and
that's really been helping her with that
and then yeah like I said just these
little bottles just come in just like
that with a five milliliter and they are
awesome
and just a little bit goes a long way I
mean with kids I really only use about a
drop or two on Mike on my kids as
opposed to like the three or four that I
would have an adult because of the fact
that I used to have to mix these with a
carrier oil I didn't want it to be as
potent so I definitely recommend the
kids cents kit from Young Living it runs
just a little bit over a hundred dollars
it is a little bit on the more expensive
side I would say which was kind of like
a limit of a ooh sticker shock but I
definitely recommend it because like I
said you don't use as much oil with
children as you do with adults and it
does go a long way and a lot of these
items and ailments aren't necessarily
things that constantly go on with our
kids but I do highly recommend checking
out the kids sets this kid a sense
collection from Young Living and I am
just I can't talk enough about it I
could go on forever thanks guys for
staying tuned here to brought to you by
mom and again I hope that you enjoy our
Channel and subscribe if you get the
chance would love to get to know you a
comment I would love love-love-love to
check out if you have a channel or hey
if you love essential oils what do you
love about your
oils I would love to hear more thanks
guys for staying tuned again and we will
see you later